README.md, before:

# Swaggervel (Swagger integration for Laravel 5)
This package combines [Swagger-php](https://github.com/zircote/swagger-php) and [swagger-ui](https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui) into one Laravel-friendly package.
When you run your app in debug mode, Swaggervel will scan your app folder (or any folder that is set under the "app-dir" variable in the packages config), generate swagger json files and deposit them to the doc-dir folder (default is `/docs`). Files are then served by swagger-ui under the api-docs director.

## Installation
- Execute `composer require "appointer/Swaggervel" --dev` within your laravel root directory
- Add `Jlapp\Swaggervel\SwaggervelServiceProvider::class` to your providers array in `app/config/app.php` above your route provider, to avoid any catch-all routes
- Run `php artisan vendor:publish` to push swagger-ui to your public folder (can be found in public/vendor/swaggervel).

## Example
- www.example.com/docs  <- You may find your automatically generated Swagger .json-File there
- www.example.com/api/docs <- Access to your Swagger UI

## Options
Uncomment the "viewHeaders" option in the Config file to add headers to your view.

## How to Use Swagger-php
The actual Swagger spec is beyond the scope of this package. All Swaggervel does is package up swagger-php and swagger-ui in a Laravel-friendly fashion, and tries to make it easy to serve. For info on how to use swagger-php [look here](http://zircote.com/swagger-php/). For good examples of swagger-php in action [look here](https://github.com/zircote/swagger-php/tree/master/Examples/Petstore).

## Examples
To provide a better introduction into actually using swaggervel with laravel, we attached several examples in the examples-folder within the project. Have a look!

## Further Notes
This package is a fork of [slampenny/Swaggervel](https://github.com/slampenny/Swaggervel), as it is no longer maintained.

Commit message:

add examples (still some things to improve, but fits for a first impression i guess)

README.md, after:

# Swaggervel (Swagger integration for Laravel 5)
This package combines [Swagger-php](https://github.com/zircote/swagger-php) and [swagger-ui](https://github.com/wordnik/swagger-ui) into one Laravel-friendly package.
When you run your app in debug mode, Swaggervel will scan your app folder (or any folder that is set under the "app-dir" variable in the packages config), generate swagger json files and deposit them to the doc-dir folder (default is `/docs`). Files are then served by swagger-ui under the api-docs director.

## Installation
- Execute `composer require "appointer/Swaggervel" --dev` within your laravel root directory
- Add `Jlapp\Swaggervel\SwaggervelServiceProvider::class` to your providers array in `app/config/app.php` above your route provider, to avoid any catch-all routes
- Run `php artisan vendor:publish` to push swagger-ui to your public folder (can be found in public/vendor/swaggervel).

## Example
- www.example.com/docs  <- You may find your automatically generated Swagger .json-File there
- www.example.com/api/docs <- Access to your Swagger UI

## Options
Uncomment the "viewHeaders" option in the Config file to add headers to your view.

## How to Use Swagger-php
The actual Swagger spec is beyond the scope of this package. All Swaggervel does is package up swagger-php and swagger-ui in a Laravel-friendly fashion, and tries to make it easy to serve. For info on how to use swagger-php [look here](http://zircote.com/swagger-php/). For good examples of swagger-php in action [look here](https://github.com/zircote/swagger-php/tree/master/Examples/Petstore).

## Examples
To provide a better introduction into actually using swaggervel with laravel, we attached several examples in the examples-folder within the project.
Be aware, that these are only recommendations and created by our own uses and knowledge - if you have any ideas on how to improve, please let us know!

## Further Notes
This package is a fork of [slampenny/Swaggervel](https://github.com/slampenny/Swaggervel), as it is no longer maintained.
